Story ID	User Story	Priority	Status	Owner	Description	Parent Story	Notes
US-1	As a user, I want to securely access the application with role-specific permissions, so that I can perform my designated tasks while maintaining data security.	Medium	Completed	Norman	Authentication and user management		
US-1.1	As a forklift operator, I want to log into the app with my username and password, so that I can access the app features securely.	Medium	Completed	Norman	Basic authentication	US-1	
US-2	As a forklift operator, I want to perform pre-shift safety checks and verify vehicle condition, so that I can ensure safe operation and regulatory compliance.	High	Completed	Norman	Vehicle safety checks		
US-2.1	As a forklift operator, I want to scan a QR code to identify the vehicle I'm using, so that I can quickly associate pre-shift checks with the correct equipment.	Medium	Completed	Norman	Vehicle identification	US-2	
US-2.2	As a forklift operator, I want to complete a basic vehicle safety checklist before starting work, so that I can ensure the vehicle is safe to operate.	Medium	Completed	Norman	Pre-shift safety checklist	US-2	
US-3	As a forklift operator, I want to manage my vehicle operation sessions, so that my work time and vehicle usage can be tracked accurately.	Medium	Completed	Norman	Vehicle session management		
US-3.1	As a forklift operator, I want to start a vehicle operation session after completing pre-shift checks, so that my work time and vehicle usage can be tracked.	Medium	Completed	Norman	Session start	US-3	
US-3.2	As a forklift operator, I want to end my vehicle operation session with a single tap, (or automatically based on work schedule or geo-fence) so that I can quickly complete my shift documentation.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Session end	US-3	
US-4	As a forklift operator, I want to report incidents, hazards, or near-misses quickly and accurately, so that safety issues can be documented and addressed promptly.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Incident reporting		
US-5	As an administrator, I want to monitor active vehicles and operators in real-time, so that I can oversee workplace activities and resource allocation.	Medium	In Progress	Norman	Fleet monitoring		
US-6	As an administrator, I want to track operator certifications and training requirements, so that I can ensure regulatory compliance and plan for renewals.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Certification management		
US-7	As an administrator, I want to schedule and track vehicle maintenance, so that I can minimize downtime and ensure equipment reliability.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Maintenance management		
US-8	As an administrator, I want to access performance metrics and generate reports, so that I can make data-driven decisions and demonstrate compliance.	Medium	In Progress	Norman	Analytics and reporting		
US-9	As a user, I want to access and manage training materials and requirements, so that I can develop skills and maintain necessary certifications.	Low	Not Started	Norman	Training and development		
US-10	As a user, I want to participate in gamified safety activities and receive recognition, so that I feel motivated to maintain high safety standards.	Low	Not Started	Norman	Training and development		
US-11	As an administrator, I want to be able to assign tasks to operators, so that I can track progress and monitor who is doing the work.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Task management		
US-12	As an administrator, I want to be able to interact with my dealer, so that I get better service and request visits when needed.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Dealer interaction		
US-13	"As an administrator, I want to enable quick session management for operators, so that when enabled 2 or more operators can quickly switch the app to their user and start working without having to do a full login and safety check using a 4-6 digit code.
"	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Quick session management		Shared device
US-14	As a user (operator or administrator), I want to receive relevant notifications to my role, so that I can be aware of events and act accordingly.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Notifications module		
US-15	As an operator, I want to be able to select tasks that correspond to my duties, so that I can track progress and accurately monitor my workload and progression.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Task management		
US-2.3	As operator, I want to capture details of issues, including photos (Done), videos, voice recording and notes to add supporting evidence to vehicle issues or reported incidents.	High	In Progress	Norman	Media Capture	US-2	Checklist - Media upload (Ask Walter for the support of videos and audio in GO)
US-17	As an admin, i want to see operator shared and/or auto generated reports in an easy to understand format with a common filetype (pdf, csv etc) 	High	Not Started	Norman	Report development and sharing		Super priortario, Colocar acciones en app en listas para generar reporte
US-2.4	As operator, I want to capture details severity and catergories of issues to track deterioration/wear of vehicle and it's components	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Pre-shift safety checklist	US-2	Checklist - Issue grading
US-2.5	As an admin, I want to create my own questions to track aspects of the vehicle/safety process important to my business	High	Not Started	Norman	Pre-shift safety checklist	US-2	Checklist - Custom questions
US-2.6	As an admin, i want to use one simple system for all my assets that require pre-operational checks, including but not limited to cranes, lifts, trucks etc.	High	Not Started	Norman	Pre-shift safety checklist	US-2	Checklist - Vehicle Categories
US-2.7	As an admin, I want to understand the usage of my assets by tracking hours used. Including a regular "hour meter" or "odometer" question or modal in the check-in check-out process will ensure i stay on top of the required servicing and maintenance to keep operations safe.	High	Not Started	Norman	Pre-shift safety checklist	US-2	Checklist - Hour meter
US-19	"As a forklift operator, I want to manage my vehicle operation sessions, so that my work time and vehicle usage can be tracked accurately.
In case i forget to check out send a reminder to check out."	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Vehicle session management		Session close - reminder
US-20	"As a forklift operator, I want to manage my vehicle operation sessions, so that my work time and vehicle usage can be tracked accurately.
In case i forget close the session based on my work schedule (hours)"	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Vehicle session management		Session close - work schedule
US-21	"As a forklift operator, I want to manage my vehicle operation sessions, so that my work time and vehicle usage can be tracked accurately.
In case i forget close the session based on my location using GPS geofence."	Low	Not Started	Norman	Vehicle session management		Session close - GPS
US-22	As an admin I want to see a vehicle asset profile that tracks the activity, condition, checklist (including evidence photos, videos, notes etc) with a historical view, so I can quickly determine the usage, wear and tear, previous activity of the vehicle etc.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Vehicle Profile		
US-23	As an operator I want a simple and useful app dashboard, to include check in/out, vehicle activity and tasks and activity/history.	Medium	Not Started	Norman	Design enhancements		
US-24	As an admin I want to only allow certified drivers operate the vehicles they are qualified for. Restrict unqualified drivers from "check in" and notify me about the event.	High	Not Started	Norman	Operator certification check		